README.md, before:

# amcrest2mqtt

A simple app to expose all events generated by an Amcrest device to MQTT using the
[`python-amcrest`](https://github.com/tchellomello/python-amcrest) library.

It supports the following environment variables:

-   `AMCREST_HOST` (required)
-   `AMCREST_PORT` (optional, default = 80)
-   `AMCREST_USERNAME` (optional, default = admin)
-   `AMCREST_PASSWORD` (required)
-   `MQTT_USERNAME` (required)
-   `MQTT_PASSWORD` (optional, default = empty password)
-   `MQTT_HOST` (optional, default = 'localhost')
-   `MQTT_QOS` (optional, default = 0)
-   `MQTT_PORT` (optional, default = 1883)
-   `HOME_ASSISTANT` (optional, default = false)
-   `HOME_ASSISTANT_PREFIX` (optional, default = 'homeassistant')

It exposes events to the following topics:

-   `amcrest2mqtt/[SERIAL_NUMBER]/event` - all events
-   `amcrest2mqtt/[SERIAL_NUMBER]/doorbell` - doorbell status (if AD110 or AD410)
-   `amcrest2mqtt/[SERIAL_NUMBER]/human` - human detection (if AD410)
-   `amcrest2mqtt/[SERIAL_NUMBER]/motion` - motion events (if supported)

## Device Support

The app supports events for any Amcrest device supported by [`python-amcrest`](https://github.com/tchellomello/python-amcrest).

## Home Assistant

The app has built-in support for Home Assistant discovery. Set the `HOME_ASSISTANT` environment variable to `true` to enable support.
If you are using a different MQTT prefix to the default, you will need to set the `HOME_ASSISTANT_PREFIX` environment variable.

## Running the app

The easiest way to run the app is via Docker Compose, e.g.

```yaml
version: "3"
services:
    amcrest2mqtt:
        container_name: amcrest2mqtt
        image: dchesterton/amcrest2mqtt:latest
        restart: unless-stopped
        environment:
            AMCREST_HOST: 192.168.0.1
            AMCREST_PASSWORD: password
            MQTT_HOST: 192.168.0.2
            MQTT_USERNAME: admin
            MQTT_PASSWORD: password
            HOME_ASSISTANT: "true"
```

## Out of Scope

### Multiple Devices

The app will not support multiple devices. You can run multiple instances of the app if you need to expose events for multiple devies.

### Non-Docker Environments

Docker is the only supported way of deploying the application. The app should run directly via Python but this is not supported.

## Buy Me A ~~Coffee~~ Beer 🍻

A few people have kindly requested a way to donate a small amount of money. If you feel so inclined I've set up a "Buy Me A Coffee"
page where you can donate a small sum. Please do not feel obligated to donate in any way - I work on the app because it's
useful to myself and others, not for any financial gain - but any token of appreciation is much appreciated 🙂

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/dchesterton"><img src="https://img.buymeacoffee.com/api/?url=aHR0cHM6Ly9pbWcuYnV5bWVhY29mZmVlLmNvbS9hcGkvP25hbWU9ZGNoZXN0ZXJ0b24mc2l6ZT0zMDAmYmctaW1hZ2U9Ym1jJmJhY2tncm91bmQ9ZmY4MTNm&creator=dchesterton&is_creating=building%20software%20to%20help%20create%20awesome%20homes&design_code=1&design_color=%23ff813f&slug=dchesterton" height="240" /></a>

Commit message:

Add STORAGE_POLL_INTERVAL environment variable

README.md, after:

# amcrest2mqtt

A simple app to expose all events generated by an Amcrest device to MQTT using the
[`python-amcrest`](https://github.com/tchellomello/python-amcrest) library.

It supports the following environment variables:

-   `AMCREST_HOST` (required)
-   `AMCREST_PORT` (optional, default = 80)
-   `AMCREST_USERNAME` (optional, default = admin)
-   `AMCREST_PASSWORD` (required)
-   `MQTT_USERNAME` (required)
-   `MQTT_PASSWORD` (optional, default = empty password)
-   `MQTT_HOST` (optional, default = 'localhost')
-   `MQTT_QOS` (optional, default = 0)
-   `MQTT_PORT` (optional, default = 1883)
-   `HOME_ASSISTANT` (optional, default = false)
-   `HOME_ASSISTANT_PREFIX` (optional, default = 'homeassistant')
-   `STORAGE_POLL_INTERVAL` (optional, default = 3600) - how often to fetch storage data (in seconds)

It exposes events to the following topics:

-   `amcrest2mqtt/[SERIAL_NUMBER]/event` - all events
-   `amcrest2mqtt/[SERIAL_NUMBER]/doorbell` - doorbell status (if AD110 or AD410)
-   `amcrest2mqtt/[SERIAL_NUMBER]/human` - human detection (if AD410)
-   `amcrest2mqtt/[SERIAL_NUMBER]/motion` - motion events (if supported)

## Device Support

The app supports events for any Amcrest device supported by [`python-amcrest`](https://github.com/tchellomello/python-amcrest).

## Home Assistant

The app has built-in support for Home Assistant discovery. Set the `HOME_ASSISTANT` environment variable to `true` to enable support.
If you are using a different MQTT prefix to the default, you will need to set the `HOME_ASSISTANT_PREFIX` environment variable.

## Running the app

The easiest way to run the app is via Docker Compose, e.g.

```yaml
version: "3"
services:
    amcrest2mqtt:
        container_name: amcrest2mqtt
        image: dchesterton/amcrest2mqtt:latest
        restart: unless-stopped
        environment:
            AMCREST_HOST: 192.168.0.1
            AMCREST_PASSWORD: password
            MQTT_HOST: 192.168.0.2
            MQTT_USERNAME: admin
            MQTT_PASSWORD: password
            HOME_ASSISTANT: "true"
```

## Out of Scope

### Multiple Devices

The app will not support multiple devices. You can run multiple instances of the app if you need to expose events for multiple devies.

### Non-Docker Environments

Docker is the only supported way of deploying the application. The app should run directly via Python but this is not supported.

## Buy Me A ~~Coffee~~ Beer 🍻

A few people have kindly requested a way to donate a small amount of money. If you feel so inclined I've set up a "Buy Me A Coffee"
page where you can donate a small sum. Please do not feel obligated to donate in any way - I work on the app because it's
useful to myself and others, not for any financial gain - but any token of appreciation is much appreciated 🙂

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/dchesterton"><img src="https://img.buymeacoffee.com/api/?url=aHR0cHM6Ly9pbWcuYnV5bWVhY29mZmVlLmNvbS9hcGkvP25hbWU9ZGNoZXN0ZXJ0b24mc2l6ZT0zMDAmYmctaW1hZ2U9Ym1jJmJhY2tncm91bmQ9ZmY4MTNm&creator=dchesterton&is_creating=building%20software%20to%20help%20create%20awesome%20homes&design_code=1&design_color=%23ff813f&slug=dchesterton" height="240" /></a>
